README.md, before:

<h1> (Development Phase) React-Task-Tracker </h1> <br>
<h5> A task tracker (to-do) list application using React JS and React Query</h5> <br>
<br>
<p> React-Task-Tracker is an application that will be intended for office use, where
the admin can assign the tasks and the meetings to the respective employees. <p>
<br>

**FEATURES ADDED SO FAR** 
1. Task fetching from the API
2. Individual task viewing
3. Query state display (Loading or Error)   
<br>

**TO BE ADDED**
1. Login system
2. Admin panel
<br>

**TO DO FOR NOW**
1. Fix indvidual description exist as only one
2. Is import faster or prop passing faster? 
3. Make it responsive
4. Use UseRef hook

**Issues**
1. The link button is not even being clicked
2. On click only the meetings are being fetched that too with a status of 404
3. useEffect for context??

<br>
**Initial test**
Putting up 2 filters for task and meetings, that will later be be done by the backend
<br>

**Current Visual** <br>

<img src="src/ForReadMe/1.JPG"/>

<br>
**NOTE**:- The filtering of task is currently done in the front end which will be later transferred to
the backend.

Commit message:

Fixed Indv description/used useRef hook

README.md, after:

<h1> (Development Phase) React-Task-Tracker </h1> <br>
<h5> A task tracker (to-do) list application using React JS and React Query</h5> <br>
<br>
<p> React-Task-Tracker is an application that will be intended for office use, where
the admin can assign the tasks and the meetings to the respective employees. <p>
<br>

**FEATURES ADDED SO FAR** 
1. Task fetching from the API
2. Individual task viewing
3. Query state display (Loading or Error)   
<br>

**TO BE ADDED**
1. Login system
2. Admin panel
<br>

**TO DO FOR NOW**
1. Thorough check to replace querySelectors with useRef and if possible useState
1. Make it responsive
2. Replace query selectors with UseRef hook

**Issues**
1. The link button is not even being clicked
2. On click only the meetings are being fetched that too with a status of 404
3. useEffect for context??

<br>
**Initial test**
Putting up 2 filters for task and meetings, that will later be be done by the backend
<br>

**Current Visual** <br>

<img src="src/ForReadMe/1.JPG"/>

<br>
**NOTE**:- The filtering of task is currently done in the front end which will be later transferred to
the backend.
